Make carboniter 'enabled' config value name/location better [BA-6372] (#5484)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

# Cromwell Change Log

## 50 Release Notes

### Changes and Warnings

#### Metadata Archival Config Change

> Cromwell's metadata archival configuration has undergone a minor rework for consistency,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Unless you have already opted-in to GCS-archival of metadata during its development, this change will not affect you.
Cromwell's metadata archival configuration has changed in a backwards incompatible way to increase consistency,
```
